Dad, you're here.
If you don't come anymore
They'll ride on my head.
You have to be my boss.
Who is so bold?
How dare you do that to me?
That's their school.
Don't just humiliate me in public and hit me in the face
Humiliating you in public.
Say that even when you're here
He's not wrong either.
He wouldn't let our Qin family in his eyes.
Really.
My son is willing to testify for you.
At the end of General To Son Ha willing to testify to Qin young master
What happened last night we all saw it in our eyes.
Qin Shao is really innocent, and I hope the Zhen Quoc Duong knows.
Dad, you're not lying to me, are you?
Okay, a sitting prime minister.
Now you're not even putting Ben in your eye, are you?
General Qin
Officials know you're not easy to get a son
Will pamper
But your godson has no way.
Your son bumped into the gentleman.
What can I do to help you discipline your son?
What about the old man's son being a little arrogant?
Is it your turn to repair?
Why are you a civil servant?
Do you want to climb on the old man's head?
He can't be disciplined.
Then let me handle it.
What are you?
You.
What?
Don't we deserve to discipline him?